HReel is an ffmpeg wrapper to create highlight clips from video files. It simply generates and executes the appropriate **ffmpeg.exe** commands. 

HReel.exe only works when ffmpeg.exe is in the path. This program takes in a "cutsheet" (.csv file) that specifies a list of clips to generate from a set of source videos. Each line in the cutsheet specifies: source video, the start time of the clip to be created, endTime (within the source video), and whether or not a slow motion version of the video should also be created. Each of the (non-slomo) clips are also concatenated into single movie file as a highlight reel, in the order listed within the cutsheet.

Cutsheet format:
sourceVideoFile, startTime, endTime, SloMotion

start and end times: "HH:MM:SS"

cutsheet .csv example:
```
filename1.mp4,00:03:45,00:03:55
filename1.mp4,00:07:15,00:07:48
#filename1.mp4,00:07:15,00:07:45
filename2.mp4,00:03:12,00:04:10
filename3.mp4,00:01:10,00:01:43,no
filename3.mp4,00:01:10,00:01:43,yes
```

lines begining with "#" will be ignored \
If the SloMotion field is missing, it is treated as "no"

usage:\
hreel custsheet.csv

optional parameters:

**-vpath PATH**\
Specifies the directory for the source video files. If not specified, HReel assumes source videos are in the current directory. If source videos are not all in the same directory, this option cannot be used, and the full path to source vidoes (not in the current directory) must be included as part of the filename in the cutsheet.
              
**-cpath PATH**\
Specifies the directory where all generated clips/movies will be written. Current directory is used when this option is not specified.

**-obfn STRING**\
Specifies a base for the names of all clip/reel videos generated. For example, the following commandline
```
hreel.exe cutsheet.csv -obfn player1
```
will generate clips named player1-1.mp4, player1-2.mp4, etc. and the concatenated reel will be named player1-Reel.mp4.  The same command without the -obfn option will produce: Clip-1.mp4, Clip2.mp4, etc. and HReel.mp4. All ffmpeg commands generated by HReel use the "-y" switch, and will thus overwrite any existing files with naming collisions.

